README.md, before:

# Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree
# Deep Learning
## Project: Build a Traffic Sign Recognition Program

### Overview

In this project, you will use what you've learned about deep neural networks and convolutional neural networks to classify traffic signs. You will train a model so it can decode traffic signs from natural images by using the [German Traffic Sign Dataset](http://benchmark.ini.rub.de/?section=gtsrb&subsection=dataset). After the model is trained, you will then test your model program on new images of traffic signs you find on the web, or, if you're feeling adventurous pictures of traffic signs you find locally!

### Dependencies

This project requires **Python 3.5** and the following Python libraries installed:

- [Jupyter](http://jupyter.org/)
- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
- [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/)
- [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
- [TensorFlow](http://tensorflow.org)

Run this command at the terminal prompt to install [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/). Useful for image processing:

- `conda install -c https://conda.anaconda.org/menpo opencv3`

### Dataset

1. Download the dataset. You can download the pickled dataset in which we've already resized the images to 32x32 [here](https://d17h27t6h515a5.cloudfront.net/topher/2016/October/580d53ce_traffic-sign-data/traffic-sign-data.zip).
 
2. Clone the project and start the notebook.
```
git clone https://github.com/udacity/traffic-signs
cd traffic-signs
jupyter notebook Traffic_Signs_Recognition.ipynb
```
3. Follow the instructions in the `Traffic_Signs_Recognition.ipynb` notebook.

Commit message:

Update the notebook (clarifications + better explanations) (#7)
* * Question 9 removed
* Most questions have been improved with better explanations
* Further eloborate dataset structure
* Links to matplotlib for visualization portion
* Link to LeNet-5 implementation from the end of CNN lesson

* typo

* update readme

* typos + further clarifications

README.md, after:

# Self-Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree
# Deep Learning
## Project: Build a Traffic Sign Recognition Program

### Overview

In this project, you will use what you've learned about deep neural networks and convolutional neural networks to classify traffic signs. You will train a model so it can decode traffic signs from natural images by using the [German Traffic Sign Dataset](http://benchmark.ini.rub.de/?section=gtsrb&subsection=dataset). After the model is trained, you will then test your model program on new images of traffic signs you find on the web, or, if you're feeling adventurous pictures of traffic signs you find locally!

### Dependencies

This project requires **Python 3.5** and the following Python libraries installed:

- [Jupyter](http://jupyter.org/)
- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
- [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/)
- [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/)
- [TensorFlow](http://tensorflow.org)
- [Matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/)
- [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org/) (Optional)

Run this command at the terminal prompt to install [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/). Useful for image processing:

- `conda install -c https://conda.anaconda.org/menpo opencv3`

### Dataset

1. [Download the dataset](https://d17h27t6h515a5.cloudfront.net/topher/2016/November/581faac4_traffic-signs-data/traffic-signs-data.zip). This is a pickled dataset in which we've already resized the images to 32x32.
2. Clone the project and start the notebook.
```
git clone https://github.com/udacity/CarND-Traffic-Signs
cd CarND-Traffic-Signs
jupyter notebook Traffic_Signs_Recognition.ipynb
```
3. Follow the instructions in the `Traffic_Signs_Recognition.ipynb` notebook.
